README.md, before:

The Name of Foo Module
======================

Foo project enables you to do bar. The first paragraph of this file should be
kept short as it will be used as the project summary on backdropcms.org. Aim for
about 240 characters (three lines at 80 characters each).

All lines in this file should be no more than 80 characters long for legibility,
unless including a URL or example that requires the line not wrap. (The first
line of this paragraph is 80 characters for reference.)

Detail in READMEs should be limited to the minimum required for installation and
getting started. More detailed documentation should be moved to a GitHub wiki
page: https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/setup/wiki/Documentation.


Requirements
------------

This module requires that the following modules are also enabled:

 * [Bar](https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/bar)
 * [Baz](https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/baz)

Installation
------------

- Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules.

- Visit the configuration page under Administration > Configuration > Category >
  Foo (admin/config/category/foo) and enter the required information.

- Any additional steps.

Documentation
-------------

Additional documentation is located in the Wiki:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/foo-project/wiki/Documentation.

Issues
------

Bugs and Feature requests should be reported in the Issue Queue:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/foo-project/issues.

Current Maintainers
-------------------

- [Chris Brown](https://github.com/username).
- [Pat Smith](https://github.com/username).
- Seeking additional maintainers.

Credits
-------

- Ported to Backdrop CMS by [Alex Baker](https://github.com/username).
- Originally written for Drupal by [Taylor Young](https://github.com/username).
- Based on the [MagicalCode project](https://github.com/example).
- Sponsored by [TechNoCorp](https://example.com)

License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software.
See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.

Commit message:

Initial commit of video hero block module.

README.md, after:

Video Hero
==========

This module provides a video hero block that can be added to any layout. The
Video Hero block adds your video as a background for your block. A block title
and text can be overlayed over the top of the video.


Requirements
------------

* no requirements

Installation
------------

- Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules.

- Add a Video Hero block to any layout.

Documentation
-------------

Additional documentation is located in the Wiki:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/video_hero/wiki/Documentation.

Issues
------

Bugs and Feature requests should be reported in the Issue Queue:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/video_hero/issues.

Current Maintainers
-------------------

- [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton).
- Seeking additional maintainers.

Credits
-------

- Written for Backdrop CMS by [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton).
- Sponsored by [NorCal Hunter Jumper Association](https://www.norcalhunterjumpers.com)

License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software.
See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.
